today I will be preparing the california
roll California roll is cannibal of
future in suzy is ingredient or ball the
crab meat with avocado and the house on
topical the fly fish fly fish eggs so i
will using the Maquis ship to roll it
with the jackanory a rice will be inside
will Akinori and i'll be upside down and
they'll be topping with la la tobeco and
insight will be having low carb meat mix
with my own eyes and they have our God o
inside so you get one piece of the yaki
nori you cut by half you put on top of
Mackey see learn you're taking some
crabmeat putting a bowl mix with very
nice so your mix well you live on the
side
you wet your hand with water to take
some rice make a bowl and your flow up
on a rocky nori so you pull the topical
egg on top of the rice
now you're upside down you pull a crab
meat on top now you get avocado your
cuddle loot you cut it by your piece
take all the skin and put on top on top
of crabmeat
so you roll it up
you make the shift a square
refreshing the site in the center make
schaefer again
this is alec rat california rule
you